AGMS-537 - Review all images prior to GA (#745)
aerogear/mobile-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/mobile-client-using-mobile-services.adoc

NOTE: You can safely close the dialog, the process continues in the background.

> After the binding is complete, the configuration in `mobile-services.json` for the {mobile-client} is updated in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the binding is complete, the JSON in the *Configuration* tab is automatically updated.
```

> After the binding is complete, the configuration in `mobile-services.json` for the {mobile-client} is updated in the

Author: Hi @finp , following on from our discussion at the stand-up this morning, I reviewed the text that relates to the image and I think that the image isn't adding value and as such, I've removed it. If you think it's best to remove this image too, I'll go ahead and delete the actual png file and merge. Can you let me know what you think?

Reviewer: @jstaffor  go ahead and delete image.

Author: :+1:

> *Configuration* tab, and this configuration is used by your app to interact with the bound services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Putting this JSON into the `mobile-services.json` file for your mobile app enables your app to communicate with bound mobile services.
```
